# EE232E-Project
Large Scale Social and Complex Networks: Design and Algorithms

Course description: (Formerly numbered Electrical Engineering 232E.) Lecture, four hours; recitation, one hour; outside study, seven hours. Modeling and design of large-scale complex networks, including social networks, peer-to-peer file-sharing networks, World Wide Web, and gene networks. Modeling of characteristic topological features of complex networks, such as power laws and percolation threshold. Mining topology to design algorithms for various applications, such as e-mail spam detection, friendship recommendations, viral popularity, and epidemics. Introduction to network algorithms, computational complexity, and nondeterministic, polynomial-time completeness. Letter grading.
## Project 1: Random Graphs and Random Walks
In this project, we are using igraph library to generate diﬀerent networks and measure various properties of a given network. The library has R and Python implementations. You may choose either language that you prefer. However, for this project, using R is strongly recommended, as some functions might not be implemented for the Python version of the package.
## Project 2: Social Network Mining
In this project, we will study the various properties of social networks. In the ﬁrst part of the project, we will study an undirected social network (Facebook). In the second part of the project, we will study a directed social network (Google +).
## Project 3: Reinforcement learning and Inverse Reinforcement learning
Reinforcement Learning (RL) is the task of learning from interaction to achieve a goal. The learner and the decision maker is called the agent. The thing it interacts with, comprising everything outside the agent, is called the environment. These interact continually, the agent selecting actions and the environment responding to those actions by presenting rewards and new states.
In the ﬁrst part of the project, we will learn the optimal policy of an agent navigating in a 2-D environment. We will implement the Value iteration algorithm to learn the optimal policy.
Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL) is the task of extracting an expert’s reward function by observing the optimal policy of the expert. In the second part of the project, we will explore the application of IRL in the context of apprenticeship learning.
## Project 4: Graph Algorithms
In this project we will explore graph theory theorems and algorithms, by applying them on real data. In the ﬁrst part of the project, we consider a particular graph which models correlations between stock price time series. In the second part, we analyse traﬃc data on a dataset provided by Uber.